# Electronic-Cart
NO SQL project using MONGO DB

Electronic cart Limited is one of the leading e-commerce companies in the United States. The company employs 25,000 people for providing excellent customer service. It sells over 50,000 different Electronic products like Headphones, TV’s, Computer accessories, Tablets and mobile phones etc. It is estimated that 30,000 products are sold every day. In order to provide an excellent service, Digi Kart requires to maintain a dedicated database for every module. To order a product, a customer has to register online and create his own user id and password. The same user id and password can be used to login multiple times to order new products. For this a customer database is required to store the customer details like address, phone number etc. The company has warehouses located in every state. It purchases the products from different vendors like Samsung, Apple, Videocon etc and are delivered to a particular warehouse. Each vendor is assigned with a vendor ID. To store and track these orders, a vendor database is required. The details of the products are stored in the Products database. Every product is assigned with a product id. This database stores the product details like Model number, Price of the product, year of manufacture, size etc. Employee details are stored in the employee database for payroll processing. This database stores the details like Employee name, employee id, bank name and account number etc. Payment details are stored in a separate database. This includes payment details like, payment id, bank name, card number and payment type.
